ams.download.datapacket.com Amsterdam - Holanda
ath.download.datapacket.com Atenas - Grécia
bra.download.datapacket.com Bratislava - Eslovaquia
bru.download.datapacket.com Bruxelas - Bélgica
buc.download.datapacket.com Bucharest - Romenia
cph.download.datapacket.com Copenhagen - Dinamarca
dub.download.datapacket.com Dublin - Irlanda
fra.download.datapacket.com Frankfurt - Alemanha
kyi.download.datapacket.com Kiev - Ucrania
lis.download.datapacket.com Lisboa - Portugal
lon.download.datapacket.com London - Inglaterra
mad.download.datapacket.com Madrid - Espanha
mrs.download.datapacket.com Marseille - Franca
mil.download.datapacket.com Milan - Italia
plm.download.datapacket.com Palermo - Itália
par.download.datapacket.com Paris - Franca
prg.download.datapacket.com Prague - Republica Checa
sof.download.datapacket.com Sofia - Bulgaria
sto.download.datapacket.com Stockholm - Suecia
vie.download.datapacket.com Vienna - Austria
war.download.datapacket.com Warsaw - Polonia
zag.download.datapacket.com Zagreb - Croacia
zur.download.datapacket.com Zurich - Suica
ash.download.datapacket.com Ashburn - EUA
atl.download.datapacket.com Atlanta - EUA
bos.download.datapacket.com Boston - EUA
chi.download.datapacket.com Chicago - EUA
dal.download.datapacket.com Dallas - EUA
den.download.datapacket.com Denver - EUA
hou.download.datapacket.com Houston - EUA
lax.download.datapacket.com Los Angeles - EUA
mca.download.datapacket.com McAllen - EUA
mia.download.datapacket.com Miami - EUA
ewr.download.datapacket.com New Jersey - EUA
nyc.download.datapacket.com New York - EUA
sjc.download.datapacket.com Sao Jose - EUA
sea.download.datapacket.com Seattle - EUA
tor.download.datapacket.com Toronto - Canada
van.download.datapacket.com Vancouver - Canadá
hkg.download.datapacket.com Hong Kong
sgp.download.datapacket.com Singapura
syd.download.datapacket.com Sydney - Australia
tyo.download.datapacket.com Tokyo - Japao
bog.download.datapacket.com Bogota - Colômbia
lim.download.datapacket.com Lima - Peru
qro.download.datapacket.com Queretaro - México
scl.download.datapacket.com Santiago - Chile
sao.download.datapacket.com Sao Paulo - Brasil
ist.download.datapacket.com Istanbul - Turquia
jnb.download.datapacket.com Johannesburg - Africa do Sul
tlv.download.datapacket.com Tel Aviv - Israel