jnb-za-ping.vultr.com Johannesburg - Africa do Sul
blr-in-ping.vultr.com Bangalore - India
del-in-ping.vultr.com Delhi NCR - India
bom-in-ping.vultr.com Mumbai - India
osk-jp-ping.vultr.com Osaka - Japao
sel-kor-ping.vultr.com Seoul - Coreia do Sul
sgp-ping.vultr.com Singapore
tlv-il-ping.vultr.com Tel Aviv - Israel
hnd-jp-ping.vultr.com Tokyo - Japao
mel-au-ping.vultr.com Melbourne - Australia
syd-au-ping.vultr.com Sydney - Australia
ams-nl-ping.vultr.com Amsterdam - Holanda
fra-de-ping.vultr.com Frankfurt - Alemanha
lon-gb-ping.vultr.com London - Inglaterra
mad-es-ping.vultr.com Madrid - Espanha
man-uk-ping.vultr.com Manchester - Inglaterra
par-fr-ping.vultr.com Paris - Franca
sto-se-ping.vultr.com Stockholm - Suecia
waw-pl-ping.vultr.com Warsaw - Polonia
ga-us-ping.vultr.com Atlanta - EUA
il-us-ping.vultr.com Chicago - EUA
tx-us-ping.vultr.com Dallas - EUA
hon-hi-us-ping.vultr.com Honolulu - EUA
lax-ca-us-ping.vultr.com Los Angeles - EUA
mex-mx-ping.vultr.com Mexico City - EUA
fl-us-ping.vultr.com Miami - EUA
nj-us-ping.vultr.com New Jersey - EUA
wa-us-ping.vultr.com Seattle - EUA
sjo-ca-us-ping.vultr.com Silicon Valley - EUA
tor-ca-ping.vultr.com Toronto - Canada
scl-cl-ping.vultr.com Santiago - Chile
sao-br-ping.vultr.com Sao Paulo - Brasil